README.md, before:

# The Sticky Third ッ
Peaceful Slime without the Honey-Grind!ッ
## Introductionッ
This Fabric Mod that adds the Aloe Vera Plant to the game!
Aloe Vera can be crafted into Gel, which can in turn be crafted into Aloe Vera Blocks, Slime Balls and Slime Blocks.
This mod is for anyone who wants to play in peaceful mode without giving up the all so precious Slime Blocks. :)


<details>
<summary>Features</summary>

## Featuresッ
### Aloe Vera Plant
The Aloe Vera Plant rarely spawns in Savannas, Deserts and the Badlands-Biomes.
When right-clicked, it drops 2-4 Aloe Vera items, which can be used to craft Aloe Vera Gel.
When broken with shears, it rarely drops an additional Aloe Vera Offset, which can be used to re-plant.
### Aloe Vera Block
Aloe Vera Blocks can be crafted using 9 Aloe Vera Gel.
They also negate fall-damage and give the player Regeneration 1 for 3 seconds when inside the block.
### Peaceful Slime-Recipes
Aloe Vera Gel + Lime Dye = 1 Slime Ball
Aloe Vera Block + Lime Dye = 1 Slime Block

</details>



## Creditsッ
Although I created the mod, I want to thank from the bottom of my heart:
- Kaupenjoe for his amazing Minecraft Modding Tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbzPhyLcO8VP25dZ7kaUyAw
- Fabric for their amazing Modding Framework and Documentation: https://fabricmc.net
- and lastly, the Internet for it's amazing amazingness! <3

Commit message:

Updated README and added Image

README.md, after:

# The Sticky Third ッ
Peaceful Slime without the Honey-Grind! <3

![This image shows 5 aloe vera plants in a savannah biome with a lightly clouded sky in minecraft.](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/c2f7eddf72fc36a3f19aef50a555718715e13f96.png)

## Introductionッ
This is a Fabric Mod that adds the Aloe Vera to the game!
Aloe Vera can be crafted into Gel, which can in turn be crafted into Aloe Vera Blocks, Slime Balls and Slime Blocks.
This mod is for anyone who wants to play in peaceful mode without giving up the all so precious Slime Blocks.ッ


<details>
<summary>Features</summary>

## Featuresッ
### Aloe Vera Plant
The Aloe Vera Plant rarely spawns in Savannas, Deserts and the Badlands-Biomes.
When right-clicked, it drops 2-4 Aloe Vera items, which can be used to craft Aloe Vera Gel.
When broken with shears, it rarely drops an additional Aloe Vera Offset, which can be used to re-plant.
### Aloe Vera Block
Aloe Vera Blocks can be crafted using 9 Aloe Vera Gel.
They also negate fall-damage and give the player Regeneration 1 for 3 seconds when inside the block.
### Peaceful Slime-Recipes
Aloe Vera Gel + Lime Dye = 1 Slime Ball
Aloe Vera Block + Lime Dye = 1 Slime Block

</details>



## Creditsッ
Although I created the mod, I want to thank from the bottom of my heart:
- [Kaupenjoe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbzPhyLcO8VP25dZ7kaUyAw) for his amazing Minecraft Modding Tutorials
- [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net) for their amazing Modding Framework and Documentation
- and lastly, the Internet for it's amazing amazingness! <3
